📌 Monolithic Architecture - 
It is a single large application where all components (authentication, product service, notifications, UI rendering, etc.) are tightly coupled and run together as one unit.

➡️ Characteristics:
One codebase and one deployment.
All modules share the same memory and resources.
Scaling happens by cloning the entire application.

➡️ Drawbacks:
A small change requires redeploying the whole system.
Difficult to maintain as the project grows.
Hard to scale individual components.

📌 Microservices Architecture -
It breaks the application into small, independent services.
Each service has its own codebase, can run independently & communicates through APIs or messaging systems.

➡️ Benefits:
Easy to scale individual services.
Technology flexibility (each service can use different languages).
Small, manageable codebases.
Fault isolation — if one service fails, others continue working.

🟢 Why microservices need messaging?
Because different services must communicate efficiently without becoming tightly coupled. 
Redis Pub/Sub is one such communication method.

📌 WebSocket vs Polling -
1. Polling
Client repeatedly asks the server: "Do you have any new data?"
Limitations:
Wastes network bandwidth.
High latency.
Not efficient for real-time systems.

2. WebSockets
Persistent full-duplex connection between client and server.
Limitations:
Hard to scale across multiple servers.
Requires sticky sessions or shared caching layer.

📌 Redis Pub/Sub (Publish-Subscribe Model) - 
Redis Pub/Sub allows services to communicate asynchronously.
A Publisher sends messages to a channel.
A Subscriber listens to the channel and receives messages in real time.
Redis does not store messages — subscribers must be online to receive them.

📌 Overall Flow of Services - 
Service 1 (Publisher) ---- publishes message ----> Redis ----> delivers to ----> Service 2 (Subscriber)

📌 Running Redis in Docker -
1. Checking Running Docker Containers:
The command:  docker ps
It is used to view all running Docker containers. This command displays important details such as:
Container ID, Image name, Status, Ports, Container names
We use the Container ID to access the Redis CLI inside the container.

➡️ Command to open Redis CLI inside a container:
docker exec -it <container_id> redis-cli

We have open one panel for subscriber & one for publisher as shown in Panel.png, but we can open as many as panels for subscribes & one for publisher. 

2. Subscribing to a Redis Channel:
To subscribe to a channel named notify-me, we use
SUBSCRIBE notify-me
This means the current Redis CLI session is now listening to the notify-me channel.
Any message published to this channel will be immediately received here.

3. Publishing a Message to the Channel:
To publish a message to all subscribers of the channel, we run
PUBLISH notify-me "RN"
This sends the string "RN" to every subscriber that is connected to the notify-me channel.
Redis Pub/Sub automatically delivers the message to all subscribers, no matter how many there are.

4. How Service 1 and Service 2 Work Together:
To print the notification message defined in Service 1, we follow this order as shown in Console.png:
Start Service 2 first
Service 2 subscribes to the "notify" channel.
It waits for incoming messages.
Then start Service 1
Service 1 publishes a JSON message on the "notify" channel.
Once Service 1 publishes the message, Service 2 immediately receives & prints it because it is already subscribed to that channel.
This demonstrates real-time communication between two microservices using Redis Pub/Sub.