📁 Serving Static/Public Files (Without Using a Static Folder Initially): 
The static or public files are usually HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files. These are considered static because:
They don’t contain any backend logic.
They don’t perform any data processing or storage.
They are visible to the browser and don't need to be hidden.

If we inspect a webpage & open Network tab in DevTools, we can see all the request and response details for these static resources.

Now, when we don’t use a static folder, we have to manually create individual routes or endpoints for each file.
This becomes unmanageable, especially when our frontend contains many files.

✅ Why We Use a Static Folder?
To simplify things, we store all our static files in a folder like public/ or static/. Then we use the following middleware:
app.use(express.static(__dirname + "/public"));
This tells the server:
To serve all static files (HTML, CSS, JS, images, etc.) directly from the public/ directory without needing custom routes.

This way:
The browser can automatically access files in the public folder.
We don’t need to write a separate app.get() for each file.

Also, by default, the server looks for index.html inside the static folder and serves it as the homepage.
So, in our index.html, we must correctly reference all other files (like stylesheets and scripts) relative to it.

However, if we try to access other files in the folder directly without going through index.html. 
Those files may not work correctly unless properly linked.

📨 Handling Forms (3 Things to Remember):
When creating a form, always specify:
action: The URL (endpoint) where the form data should be submitted.
method: The HTTP method (POST is most common for forms).
name: Every input should have a name attribute — this becomes the key in req.body.

🔧 Middleware Explanation:
app.use(express.urlencoded({extended:true}));
This middleware is used to parse incoming request bodies from HTML forms.
It allows Express to access req.body for POST requests coming from forms.

🔄 Understanding res.json() and JSON Data:
Sometimes, we send data back to the browser in JSON format. For example:
res.json({
    username: username,
    password: password
});
This means we are sending an object (converted to JSON) as the response. 
The browser (or client-side JavaScript) receives this in JSON format, which can be parsed and used easily.

In Node.js, when we receive JSON data in a request, we must use a middleware like express.json() to parse it

⚠️ Important: Don't Use Multiple Response Methods
res.json({ username, password });
res.send("User added");

This will throw an error:
Error [ERR_HTTP_HEADERS_SENT]: Cannot set headers after they are sent to the client

Why?
res.json() internally calls res.send() — it sends the response and locks the headers.
Once a response is sent, we cannot send another one.
Express won’t allow us to send two responses for one request.

✅ Correct Usage:
Only use one of res.send(), res.json(), or res.end() per request.